Britney visited the Bahamas in September last year. It was one of the best holidays she had ever been on. In the Bahamas, Britney spent a lot of time on the beach playing beach volleyball. 

In the tropics, it is very likely you'll hear bullfrogs' croak. Bullfrogs can make a lot of ballyhoo in the evenings but that does not bother many people. 

Eucalyptus trees are very common in Australia. Koalas love to eat their leaves everyday. The scent of eucalyptus trees has become very popular, you can even buy chewing gum and candy that tastes like eucalyptus. 

Abigail was born in Albuquerque. They moved to Malaysia when she was a baby but now Abigail is back in Albuquerque for an aerobics competition. Abigail has battled her way into the Aerobics World Championships. 

Annabel and Andy have their wedding anniversary in May. This year they are having a big party. Andy booked a swanky restaurant and Annabel ordered a pyramid shaped cake as they honeymooned in Egypt. 

Sylvester plays in the Sydney Symphony Orchestra. He is a percussionist and he likes the sound of cymbals. He has to practice at least once every day. Being a musician is not always easy. 
Zebras zipped by Babette as she was taking a photo on a safari in Zambia. Babette was amazed at their speed. Zebras cannot run so fast in zoos. 

There were so many of them it seemed like an exodus of zebras. Maybe that is an exaggeration, but there were zillions of them in any case. 

A fox dashed excitedly into its foxhole. Felix wondered what that was all about. After a few seconds the fox exited its domicile with extreme caution. 

Felix tried to coax the fox towards himself with a bit of ox meat but it was not interested. Felix could not think of an excuse for fox to turn down ox meat. Maybe there's something wrong with the fox. 

Zoe spotted an exquisite diamond ring in the window of a gift shop during one afternoon of shopping. She figured it must be very expensive but she went to try it on anyway. 

When the ring was on Zoe's finger she felt it was a little extravagant after all and decided to go out for a pizza at her most preferred pizzeria, "Chez Mario's", instead.
