It used to be that touch typing was a skill reserved for courtroom stenographers, transcriptionists and maybe a few writers.  But, in today's digital age all that's changed.  Touch typing is now a skill that anyone can learn and with regular practice can be quickly and easily mastered.  So, why to learn touch typing?  

Well, here's 5 ways touch typing can benefit you:

Touch typing can drastically improve your typing speed.  Maybe you have been using the hunt and peck method all of your life or some variation of placing all 10 fingers on the keyboard.  Either way, these methods are incredibly slow compared to touch typing.

Think about this: if you are currently typing 20 words per minute (wpm) that means it would take you on average about 30 minutes to type up a one page document.  Factor in time to think about what you want to say and the time it takes to start and stop if you need to look at the keyboard and you could be looking at close to an hour to get that task done.  

By learning touch typing, you could boost your typing speed to 40wpm or even 60wpm and drastically cut down the amount of time it takes you to do even the most simple tasks.  Not only will you become more efficient, but you will also be able to direct your focus to where it counts.

Think about every time you have to look at the keyboard to find the right key.  Or, maybe you find yourself constantly making mistakes and having to go back and make corrections as you type.

Each time this happens, it breaks your focus and become distracted.  Touch typing can teaches you to rely on motor memory rather than sight to type, freeing you up to direct your focus on the screen instead of the keyboard.

If you spend a significant amount of time at a desk, in front of a computer then you probably know that sitting and typing can take a toll on your body.  Achy shoulders, stiff neck and sore wrists are some of the side effects of poor posture and bad computer habits.

As you learn the proper way to sit and cultivate better habits, your arms and shoulders will relax and your energy levels will stay consistent throughout the day.  Touch typing isn't just about increasing your typing speed and reducing errors, it's about adopting healthy computer habits to reduce the risk of injury and provide increased comfort.   

By learning the basics of touch typing, you will find your work and personal life to become much more productive.  Type emails, reports and chat at the speed of your speech and see the results as you get more done during your day.


