How do you qualify to become an astronaut? 

The first step is to fill out an application, which you send to the Johnson Space Center, JSC in short, in Houston, Texas. There it will be reviewed and ranked according to height considerations, experience, and expertise, i.e. geologists, physicists, chemists, biologists etc. The competition is fierce. About four thousand individuals apply every two years, and the slots are limited. 

And if the applicant is looking for a pilot or commander position, then they must also be prepared to log in at least thousand hours of flight time in command of a jet aircraft prior to consideration. Most of the current and former pilot or commander positions have been filled historically by men who have served or are currently active in the United States Armed Forces. There are only a few exceptions. During training all crew members will train aboard a T Thirty Eight jet. The controls are identical to that of the Space Shuttle and, therefore, the jet can be used as a flight simulator either on the ground or in actual flight. 

Once the initial ranking is complete, the applications go through a second, more stringent, round to narrow down the field. From the initial four thousand applicants, only about one hundred and eighteen are asked to come to the JSC and undergo a week of interviews, medical examinations, and basic orientation. 

Ochoa noted that the Astronaut Selection Board, ASB, generally looks for people who have done very well in a technical field. And very well does not mean just their grades. Candidates should make sure they have sterling recommendations, especially from undergraduate and graduate school professors who can attest to their problem solving abilities, communication skills, and their ability to work well as part of a team. 

The ASB interviews each person and assigns him or her a rating based on: experience and potential, motivation, ability to function as a member of a team, communication skills, and adaptability. Applicants who have impeccable school records and plenty of outside experience but who do not possess the required interpersonal skills for the position, may be rejected solely on that basis. Being an astronaut really means being part of a team. 

A significant number of applicants do not meet medical standards, and still others withdraw after gaining a complete understanding of the very demanding job. Based on the information collected during this investigation, ASB will choose its final candidates and pass that recommendation on to the NASA Administrator; he or she will make the final choices. Once selected, candidates begin a rigorous training program. 

As with any other career, being an astronaut has drawbacks. One commonly shared among astronauts is the intense workload and the lack of time for their families. 

And if an applicant has hopes for a large salary, say, comparable to those in the private sector, they should look elsewhere. But for those who dream of going into space, the pay is one of the lesser considerations. 
